GAMEPLAY

You are the Commander of the MechWarriors, the red robots army.
Computer leads the MetalKnights, the blue robots army.
Each team has six players/robots.

The object of the game is to score more points than your opponent into the
period time (this version allows you to play one ten minute period) controlling
of as many of the five nodes as possible.

You take control of a node when your forces get within range of it and no
other forces are in range; the node changes color to reflect the team owner
of itself. You keep control until the opposite army takes control of the node.
The positions of the nodes are random at the beginning of a new game.  

You lose the control of your robots when they engage enemies until their
destruction or the death of the opposite robot (the control during a scramble is 
not implemented yet, sorry).

When a your robot is destroyed, a new robot places to your disposal at the
starting game position (the upper left corner of the arena).

Score 4 points every 10 seconds for 1 node, 12 points every 10 seconds for 2 nodes,
24 points every 10 seconds for 3 nodes, 40 points every 10 seconds for 4 nodes and
60 points every 10 seconds for 5 nodes.

...................................................................................

HOW TO PLAY

To select a unit, place the cursor over it and click the left mouse button.
A selected unit displays a green outline around it. 
You can also select multiple units left-clicking and drag holding down the
"Shift" key creating a green rectangle over to units you want to select.  
Once the unit/s is/are selected, you can use the right mouse button to move 
it/them, right-clicking a destination on every point of the viewport of battle 
arena (not in small map yet, sorry). 
You lose the control of your robots when they engage enemy robots (but they
"remember" your previous order, if they are still alive after a fighting). 
You can deselect a unit/s by left-clicking on an empty area in the viewport
of the battle map. 

To move yourself on the battlefield push the mouse cursor on the edges of the
screen.

You can left or right click inside the mini-map or move the mouse while
holding the left or right button down scrolling the mini-map to center the 
battlefield view over that point.

"Esc" key allows you to quit the play in every moment.

Enjoy, Fabio.
